hey is going on guys so she knows best
here and this is my review of the
logitech c910 HD webcam this is the
webcam this both Mac and PC compatible
and it can shoot up to full 1080p HD
video very nice very very nice let's
take a look at the hardware real quick
now the web camera itself designed to
simply attach itself on the top of your
computer monitor or your computer itself
in my case the iMac and also in the
front has a couple of blue lights there
to let you know that you're actually in
the video call that you actually start a
video recording now the webcam itself
can also take ten megapixel still photos
so this is very nice pictures you want
to upload them to Facebook or dailybooth
real quick it takes some very nice
photos but the star of the show is
actually the 1080p video itself so this
whole video right now me is being shot
with this webcam also the audio too and
let me show you here some of the
autofocus that this camera has as well
so getting there nice and close there
you go to all focus there it goes and
the autofocus is very nice is usually a
little bit more smoother than that but
you can see here the autofocus is really
good once you get it right there in
focus all right
and so the webcam has auto focus here as
it slowly comes back to me but the video
calling the picture itself is very nice
and crisp and this webcam you can be
using it with Skype or the own built-in
Logitech video chat software there and
also worse with FaceTime it works with
most IM clients and let me show you the
software you're gonna be working with
once they actually start video recording
you see I've been doing this video for a
while kept messing up this is going to
be a pain export me anyway here here on
the right here you have the controls
here which you can collapse and you can
choose a resolution all the way down to
360 P 720p or go all the way back up to
1080 P which I'm recording this video in
right now and also after you record the
photos of the videos right there at the
bottom here they'll pop up here you
simply click on them and start playback
so it works really good I mean the
webcam itself is a joy to use again
being mac and pc compatibl is a plus for
it and you can get this webcam for as
low as about $73 to think on Amazon so
it's not a bad price right now from
Amazon normal prices about a hundred
bucks and you know I now say this is a
good general purpose webcam for a lot of
people out there especially gonna do
some video calling with other people and
have the best picture quality that you
can get this is the webcam for it and
now it just became Mac compatible about
a couple weeks ago so some applications
don't work
that well with it yet I'm pretty sure as
they update it they'll become more solid
but for majority of use up there this
webcam was going to be good for you so I
can recommend this webcam I give it a
salute anyway thanks for watching this
video guys leave a comment down below
what you think about this webcam or what
other webcam that you may use out that
he may want to me to take a look at and
thanks for watching guys and I will
catch you later peace
you